removal slide the battery release latch
towards the battery icon to disengage
the battery from the base enclosure
remove the battery by lifting it out of
the battery bay loosen the one captive P
one Phillips head screw identified with
the memory wireless and keyboard icons
that secures the memory door to the base
enclosure lift the memory door and
remove it
loosen the one captive P one Phillips
head screw identified with the hard disk
drive and optical disc drive icons that
secures the hard disk drive door to the
base enclosure lift the hard disk drive
door and remove it remove the one four
millimeter p1 Phillips head screw
identified with an optical disc drive
icon that secures the optical disc drive
to the base enclosure grasp the edge of
the optical disc drive bezel and slide
the optical disc drive out of the base
enclosure remove the optical disc drive
remove the one there P one Phillips head
screw identified with the keyboard icon
Bossier using a probe tool gently press
into the opening identified with a
keyboard icon until the keyboard
releases from the top cover turn the
notebook right-side up and open the
display panel fully
using your finger or a flat-bladed
non-marring tool gently lift up on the
rear edge of the keyboard to disengage
the keyboard from the top cover slide
the keyboard towards the rear of the
notebook to release the tabs at the
front of the keyboard turn the keyboard
facedown on the top cover important do
not lift the keyboard further away from
the notebook then necessary to access
the keyboard ribbon cable and ZIF
connector gently lift up on the locking
bar of the keyboards if connector and
remove the keyboard ribbon cable
important use care to prevent damaging
the ZIF connector and ribbon cable
remove the keyboard replacement place
the keyboard facedown on the top cover
so that the keyboard ribbon cable and
ZIF connector are accessible insert the
keyboard ribbon cable into the ZIF
connector on the system board and gently
press down on the ZIF connector locking
bar important use care to prevent
damaging the ZIF connect cable turn the
keyboard over and tow the tabs on the
bottom edge of the keyboard into the top
cover press the keyboard flat until it
engages with the top cover close the
display panel and turn the notebook
upside down
replace the one five millimeter p1
Phillips head screw identified with a
keyboard icon that secures the keyboard
to the base enclosure replacement slide
the optical disc drive into the optical
disc drive bay replace the one four
millimeter p1 Phillips head screw
identified with an optical disc drive
icon that secures the optical disc drive
to the base enclosure replacement tow
the tabs of the hard disk drive door
press the hard disk drive door down
until it snaps into place tighten the
one captive P one Phillips head screw
identified with the hard disk drive and
optical disc drive icons that secures
the hard disk drive door to the base
enclosure replacement tow the tabs of
the memory door into the base enclosure
press the memory door down until it
snaps into place tighten the one captive
P one Phillips head screw identified
with memory wireless and keyboard icons
that secures the memory door to the base
enclosure replacement lower the rear
edge of the battery into the battery bay
lower the front edge of the battery
until it clicks into place